GCP_README.md, before:

# How to deploy on k8s

## Follow the official guide 
```
helm install ./charts/tidb-cluster -n   \
  demo --namespace=tidb --set   \
  pd.storageClassName=pd-ssd,tikv.storageClassName=pd-ssd
```

## About making pd/tikv running onto different nodes

```
affinity: 
    podAntiAffinity:
      requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
      - labelSelector:
          matchLabels:
            app.kubernetes.io/component: "tikv"
        topologyKey: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
```
[More info here](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/docs/operation-guide.md#configuration)

## Local development
```
kubectl port-forward demo-pd-0 2379:2379 -n tidb

# monitoring
kubectl port-forward demo-monitor-5ddb4bf8c-lkkwc 3000 -n tidb
```

## Run test docker in GCP k8s

```
kubectl run -it --rm --restart=Never kvrawclienttest --image=liufuyang/kvrawclienttest:tikv sh -n tidb \
  --overrides='{ "apiVersion": "v1", "spec": { "nodeSelector": { "kubernetes.io/hostname": "gke-tidb-pool-1-60d488aa-v256" } } }'

# for test big table
kubectl run -it --rm --restart=Never kvrawclienttest --image=liufuyang/kvrawclienttest:bt sh -n tidb   --overrides='{ "apiVersion": "v1", "spec": { "nodeSelector": { "kubernetes.io/hostname": "gke-tidb-pool-1-60d488aa-kk1v" } } }'
```

Commit message:

Update depolyment.yaml to use the correct version

GCP_README.md, after:

# How to deploy on k8s

## Follow the official guide 
```
helm install ./charts/tidb-cluster -n   \
  demo --namespace=tidb --set   \
  pd.storageClassName=pd-ssd,tikv.storageClassName=pd-ssd
```

## About making pd/tikv running onto different nodes

```
affinity: 
    podAntiAffinity:
      requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
      - labelSelector:
          matchLabels:
            app.kubernetes.io/component: "tikv"
        topologyKey: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
```
[More info here](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/docs/operation-guide.md#configuration)

## Local development
```
kubectl port-forward demo-pd-0 2379:2379 -n tidb

# monitoring
kubectl port-forward demo-monitor-5ddb4bf8c-lkkwc 3000 -n tidb
```

## Run test docker in GCP k8s

To test 4 node write/read test
```
kubectl apply -f deployment.yaml -n tidb
```
Notice that please make sure you have at least 12 nodes on k8s as 4 of them are used for tikvs and pd,
then 4 will be used for bigtable test client to run, 4 will be used for tikv test client

You would also need a service account for accessing bigtable. Save it to this repo root folder and 
replace it with the line `COPY golden-path-tutorial-6522-a0243d98c0a0.json /app/key.json` in the Dockerfile.

```
kubectl run -it --rm --restart=Never kvrawclienttest --image=liufuyang/kvrawclienttest:tikv sh -n tidb \
  --overrides='{ "apiVersion": "v1", "spec": { "nodeSelector": { "kubernetes.io/hostname": "gke-tidb-pool-1-60d488aa-v256" } } }'

# for test big table
kubectl run -it --rm --restart=Never kvrawclienttest --image=liufuyang/kvrawclienttest:bt sh -n tidb   --overrides='{ "apiVersion": "v1", "spec": { "nodeSelector": { "kubernetes.io/hostname": "gke-tidb-pool-1-60d488aa-kk1v" } } }'
```
